<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
				xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                template="./../layouts/root.xhtml">
    
    <ui:define name="content">
		<ui:remove>
        <h:graphicImage name="images/logo.png" style="float: left; border: 1px solid #CCCCCC; padding: 1px; margin: 0 10px 5px 0;" />
		</ui:remove>
		
		<h2><h:outputText value="#{msg['feedback.goals.h']}" /></h2>
		<h:outputText value="#{msg['feedback.goals.text']}" escape="false"/>
		
		<h2><h:outputText value="#{msg['feedback.contacts.h']}" /></h2>
		<h:outputText value="#{msg['feedback.contacts.text']}" escape="false"/>
		
		<ui:remove>
		<p>
			The history of the project started in far 2000 when a musician Gleb founded his band and a small sound recording studio called Metalhearts.
			Very soon Gleb with his partner started organizing concerts and promoting different young local groups.
			Metalhearts exists nowadays and it has held hundreds of events on several stages in different Russian cities.
		</p>
		<p>
			Later in 2004 a software developer Eugene entered the Metalhearts team. 
			Soon a hobby took a serious part of Eugene's life and he took hold of a significant role in concert managing process including advertising, public relations and marketing.
			Eugene's vast experience in modern IT science made the existence of scenomania.ru possible implementing a bunch of solutions for problems that Eugene and Gleb were facing while organizing concerts in Metalhearts.
		</p>
		<p>
			Now scenomania.ru is a solid team  of promoters, developers, photographers and musicians. 
			Our goal is making a great fun of all concerting process and sharing that fun with everyone, who is fond of music, who plays music and who does gigs all over the world.
		</p>
		</ui:remove>
		
		<h:panelGroup rendered="#{empty success}">
			
		<form id="feedback"  dojoType="dijit.form.Form" class="feedback" action="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/about" method="post">
		<table>
			<tr>
				<td><h:outputLabel for="email"><h:outputText value="#{msg['email']}"/></h:outputLabel></td>
				<td><h:inputText  id="email" value="#{feedbackMail.email}" required="true" /></td>
				<td><ui:repeat value="#{mailErrors['email']}" var="err">
						<h:outputText value="#{msg[err]}" />
					</ui:repeat>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td><h:outputLabel for="text"><h:outputText value="#{msg['text']}"/></h:outputLabel></td>
				<td><h:inputTextarea id="text" cols="50" rows="7" value="#{feedbackMail.text}" required="true"/></td>
				<td><ui:repeat value="#{mailErrors['text']}" var="err">
						<h:outputText value="#{msg[err]}" />
					</ui:repeat>
				</td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td></td>
				<td colspan="2"><h:commandButton id="proceed" image="/resources/resources/images/btn_send.png" value="#{msg['send']}" /></td>
			</tr>
		</table>
		</form>
			
		<script type="text/javascript">
		/* <![CDATA[ */
		
			dojo.require("dijit.form.Form");
			dojo.require("dijit.form.ValidationTextBox");
			dojo.require("dijit.form.SimpleTextarea");

		
			dojo.addOnLoad(function() {
				
				new dijit.form.ValidationTextBox({
					id: "email",
					required: true,
					value: dojo.byId("email").value,
					trim: true,
					regExp: "[a-zA-Z0-9._%-]+@[a-zA-Z0-9.-]+\.[a-zA-Z]{2,4}",
					style: "width: 300px;"
				}, "email");
				
				new dijit.form.SimpleTextarea({
					name: "text",
					trim: true,
					style: "width: 300px;"
				}, "text");
				
				dijit.byId("feedback").onSubmit = function() {
					var form = dijit.byId("feedback");
					var valid = true;
					var textarea = dijit.byId("text");
					
					if (!textarea.value) {
						textarea.set("style", textarea.get("style") + " background-color: #F9F7BA");
						valid = false;
					}
					
					if (!form.validate()) {
						valid = false;
					}
					
					if (valid) {
						
						dojo.forEach(form.getDescendants(), function(widget) {
										if (widget.)
										dojo.create("input", {
											type : 'hidden',
											name : widget.id,
											value : widget.value
										}, form.id);
									});
						
						return true;
					} else return false;
				}
				
			});
		/* ]]> */
		</script>
			
	</h:panelGroup>
	<h:panelGroup rendered="#{success}"><h:outputText value="#{msg['feedback.email.sent']}"/></h:panelGroup>
		<div class="clear"></div>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
