<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
				xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"

                template="/WEB-INF/layouts/landing.xhtml">
    
    <ui:define name="top">
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="content">
        <div class="team1">
			<h:graphicImage name="images/team/monulle.jpg" style="float: left"/>
			<div class="team_text">
			<h5>Gleb Mareyev</h5>
			
			<b>Co-founder, CCO</b><br/>
			Gleb entered music business in far 2000 when he founded his own band and a small sound recording studio.
			This studio was named "Metalhearts" and very soon Gleb with his partner started organizing concerts and promoting different young local groups.
			Metalhearts exists nowadays and it has held hundreds of events on several stages in different Russian cities.
			</div>
			<div style="clear: both;"></div>
		</div>

		<div class="team2">
			<h:graphicImage name="images/team/micro.jpg" style="float: left"/>
			<div class="team_text">
			<h5>Eugene Panaitov</h5>
			<b>Co-founder, CEO</b><br />
			Eugene joined Metalhearts in 2004 and quickly took hold of a significant role in concert managing process including advertising, public relations and marketing.
			Eugene's vast experience in modern IT science made the existence of tourageous.com project possible implementing a bunch of solutions for problems that Eugene and Gleb were facing while organizing concerts in Metalhearts.
			</div>
			<div style="clear: both;"></div>
		</div>
		<ui:remove>
		<div style="width: 1000px; padding: 10px; margin: 10px; background-color: white; border: 1px solid #999999;">
			<h:graphicImage name="images/team/michael.jpg" style="float: left"/>
			<div style="margin-left: 160px;">
			<strong>Michael Yermakov</strong><br />
			<strong>Lead software developer</strong><br />
			Michael is fond of music and likes to solve difficult tasks using his knowledges in programming languages and network architecture.
			</div>
			<div style="clear: both;"></div>
		</div>
		</ui:remove>
		<div class="team1">
			<h:graphicImage name="images/team/kate.jpg" style="float: left"/>
			<div class="team_text">
			<h5>Kate Tsymbal</h5><br />
			<b>Photographer and media director</b><br />
			Kate was supporting Eugene since he joined the music business. Her natural sense of beauty and passion to photography always produced fresh and bright content to all events she took part in.
			</div>
			<div style="clear: both;"></div>
		</div>

		<div class="team2">
			<h:graphicImage name="images/team/kevin.jpg" style="float: left"/>
			<div class="team_text">
			<h5>Kevin Fliess</h5><br />
			<b>Board of Directors, Chairman</b><br />
			<span style="font-size: 10px;">
			16 years experience in general management, product marketing, product management, and business development.
			Respected authority on emerging business trends in consumer and enterprise software, and trusted spokesperson of world-class organizations. 
			For the past 10 years have successfully managed complex products from concept to market and competently built, led, and inspired high-performing teams.
			Kevin and Eugene worked together on a startup travelmuse.com in 2008 and since travelmuse started doing well Kevin honorably agreed to become a chairman of one more startup.
			</span>
			</div>
			<div style="clear: both;"></div>
		</div>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="bottom">
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
